fix: handling of backend init when disable_init=true (#5594)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: docs-starlight/src/content/docs/03-features/04-state-backend.mdx

**Note**: If you specify a `profile` key in `remote_state.config`, Terragrunt will automatically use this AWS profile when creating the S3 bucket or DynamoDB table.

> **Note**: You can disable automatic remote state initialization by setting `remote_state.disable_init`. This will skip the automatic creation of remote state resources (S3 buckets, DynamoDB tables, GCS buckets) by Terragrunt, while still allowing OpenTofu/Terraform to initialize the backend normally. This can be handy when running commands such as `run --all validate` as part of a CI process where you do not want Terragrunt to create or modify remote state resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: You can disable automatic remote state bootstrapping by setting `remote_state.disable_init` (it's called this for legacy reasons). This will skip the automatic creation of remote state resources (S3 buckets, DynamoDB tables, GCS buckets) by Terragrunt, while still allowing OpenTofu/Terraform to initialize the backend normally. This can be handy when running commands such as `run --all validate` as part of a CI process where you do not want Terragrunt to create or modify remote state resources.
```

**Prerequisite**: When `disable_init = true`, backend resources must already exist and valid credentials to access the backend are still required by OpenTofu/Terraform.

> **Migration note:** In previous versions, `disable_init = true` passed `-backend=false` to `terraform init`, preventing OpenTofu/Terraform from initializing the backend entirely. The new behavior passes `-backend-config=` arguments instead — OpenTofu/Terraform **will** attempt to connect to the backend. Ensure backend resources exist and credentials are valid before using `disable_init = true`.
>
> Note that `--backend-bootstrap` defaults to `false`, so Terragrunt does not create backend resources by default regardless of `disable_init`. The `disable_init` flag additionally prevents bootstrap even when `--backend-bootstrap` is explicitly passed.

> **If you need to skip backend initialization entirely** (the previous behavior), pass `-backend=false` directly to Terraform via `extra_arguments`:
>
> ```hcl
> terraform {
>   extra_arguments "no_backend_init" {
>     commands  = ["init"]
>     arguments = ["-backend=false"]
>   }
> }
> ```
>

> > Or inline on the command line: `terragrunt run init -- -backend=false`

Reviewer: Please put `init` on the right side of `--`
